these children are excited to be
starting a new school year I'm sure
excited I like to play games and do
Spearman's and I like stories most of
all just like their friend ally the owl
these preschoolers are having so much
fun they don't realize that they are
also learning critical academic skills
that will be powerful predictors of
later learning and will set them on a
path to college readiness helping them
along the way is pearson scott foresman
opening the world of learning program
which we call owl dr. Nita Copley helped
develop the program which integrates
whiteboard technology to teach math and
science along with language development
and other critical skills throughout its
lessons my name is mrs. Copley what is
learned today these students have an
extra special treat in store for them
Nita herself has come to their school to
help open up the world of learning for
them we used to think a pre-kindergarten
as a place where kids went to play or
more like a daycare type situation but
now we know how important it is for
their cognitive understanding their math
their language the things they're able
to do because they've had
pre-kindergarten and they're prepared
and ready to go to kindergarten and
sometimes people say it's it's more
academic I would just say it's more
focused come with me I'll show you
around
with four-year-old oli The Owl and his
friends acting as guides the students
discover that math and science are
embedded into a low Cabul airy reading
and other instructions the owl program
is aligned to the national pre-k
standards and provides an exhaustive
list of resources to help all children
whether they are English speakers or not
develop English vocabulary dos amigos
son las personas que es cojemos para
pasar el tiempo con ellos with owl pre-k
students can learn at an amazing rate of
3,000 to 4,000 words in the first year
which research shows is critical to best
prepare children for kindergarten and
long-term school success I often say if
I wanted to just have fun I probably
would have hired a clown to teach the
class but but I want it I want a teacher
because their minds are so ready to
learn
owls unique teacher's guide helps
teachers plan and prioritize instruction
so they can spend less time planning and
more time teaching I can't stand to
waste time there's so much to learn owl
teaches young learners to focus on
language and content all day every day
through concept words basic words that
relate to the theme amazing words rich
words that come from the literature and
academic vocabulary that teach literacy
math science social studies and social
and emotional concepts one of the things
that I think is the probably the nicest
part about owl or from my perspective
anyway is the fact that the mathematics
and the science and the literature it's
all connected
we know that children understand
something if they can see how it's
related to what they already know and
that to me is the definition of learning
what are you doing red bird I'm looking
for math you're looking for math and
science - teacher says math and science
are everywhere
recent research shows early math skills
are the best predictor of school success
and owl constantly reinforces that math
and science are everywhere invites
children to become scientists and
teaches the nature of science well we're
going to measure how far your ball goes
it shows that scientists ask questions
and investigate answers and encourages
students to predict an answer before
they investigate it
owl instruction focuses on concepts
methods and vocabulary and includes
regular and intentional use of
manipulatives in short owl opens the
world of learning about math science and
scientific exploration like a very good
friend owl meets children where they are
and like a really great teacher
owl helps them get ready for
kindergarten and beyond the wide range
of components in the owl program
including the completely equitable
resources for English language learners
make it easy to customize instruction
for any students individual learning
needs and when you get down to it that
engagement is what really opens up the
world of learning to every student if
they can learn in a program that allows
them to do thinking and reasoning and
figuring out stuff and inquire and ask
questions and connect that knowledge
that they've learned in one book to
another activity at something else if I
can do that I hope that I can give them
the power that they feel powerful enough
that they can learn math that's what
math is to me and what learning is to me
are you ready for a world of learning